hello guys today I'm playing some good
old college 84 and sometimes I really
wish I could just rewind two years and
play this game when it was at its prime
when it was at its life and everybody's
playing this game and I really wish I
had a capture card then because this
game is basically dad Call of Duty 4 the
only people that really play this game
anymore are the hardcore fans that still
love it like me all all the kids who got
the wrong Call of Duty for Christmas
like imagine the dads going to gamestop
before Christmas and he's like hi I want
Modern Warfare for my boy and then the
game stopped clerks like oh my mall
sorry we're out of modern warfare 2 but
we have modern warfare 1 if you want and
then dad's probably like oh whatever
they're all the same right and and the
guys like oh yeah sure
so when the kid opens up a game on
Christmas morning he's pretty
disappointed that this modern warfare
one and not modern warfare 2 but then
when the kid puts the game in the Xbox
he realizes it's amazing and probably
better than modern warfare 2 and
honestly the modern warfare 2 was giving
me a lot of lip and a lot of back sass
right now so I've just decided to put it
down for a little while I still have a
bunch of good games real tussle with
those periodically but for now I'm just
either not playing xbox or just playing
called it before because so many things
in modern warfare 2 just make me angry
and I know I'm not I'm trying not to
bitch a lot but it's kind of hard not to
like water before the only things that
really made me turn off the Xbox were
all of the m16s and frags but in modern
warfare 2 well call it before that was
one with two things in a modern warfare
2 it's like about 20 but enough ranting
today I am using overkill and I never
took this book seriously before him
right here I like this I'll pull my
guide pop another guy and I think I get
one more for the win but yeah today I'm
using the overkill setup and I honestly
always took over kills a joke when I was
playing this game before modern warfare
2 came out because when I played this
game before that I was always the kid
using stopping but I was too stopping
powerful and occasionally a juggernaut
but most of the time I was stopping
power and
and honestly today I just felt like
using overkill because I'm kind of used
to modern warfare to you know having my
intervention and having my spaz so I
just decided to recreate that a little
bit with the M 21 W 1200 and both these
guns are great over killed and they
don't need stopping power necessarily
are they only else with the m21 with
stopping power that like you could get a
one-shot like in their upper neck area
or the like lower neck area or something
but it didn't have to be a headshot you
can still get in one shot but when you
don't use Tommy pon the m21 it's
basically always two shots unless you
hit him in the head and they don't have
juggernaut so most of the time would be
two shots but that's no big deal because
okay look at this pro right here he
clearly saw me he really did and then he
goes and throws a grenade at my teammate
like and the Sun oh he gets up there and
what the fuck and you know when I chase
him and then I just put a bolt this way
because fears camper that was a pretty
fierce fail I mean that's pretty funny
but yeah honestly modern warfare 2 I'm
just taking a break and I think having
fun and called it before because Coll
before is a good time still like cold
early fours like a hooker that will
please you over and over again and it
never gets old but one or more fair -
right now feels like a hooker with AIDS
and I just got diagnosed so I'm in
remission right now trying to get better
and going back to my roots and playing
some call 34 and honestly you guys
should too right now if this game is
giving you a germ warfare - I mean but
right now I'm actually today we're doing
you know I noticed in modern warfare 2
or nothing you can call it before god
I'm getting them confused now oh I like
to seek once right here I see one dude I
pop him and I think I get stunned
oh wait nevermind wrong scene that's
coming up next but anyway what I'm
saying right in modern warfare 1 or I'll
just call Cod 4 and Cod 4 there's so
many Maps I like like you know we had
the straight
we had the strike we had the vacant
we're the back lot we had to crash we
had the there's probably another rap by
the back a lot I think another said that
I
right here I actually failed because
there were like four people alive and it
was me and actually nobody was seized
and dead silence on the other team so
really confused me because I heard so
many footsteps and then I kind of just
panicked hopped down and got raped my
buddy Joseph right there gets
outnumbered and cousin Seymour and I
think we're losing yeah three one right
now
let's yeah guys like I was talking about
the overkill you guys should definitely
try it out in if you're so used to
having a shotgun for modern warfare 2
and you don't want to use the deagle
just go for it because it's pretty fun
because like I was talking about the m21
is fine without stopping power and then
the the W 1200 Winchester is also pretty
good without stopping power but I do
notice you get a few more hit markers
with it but for the most part the W 1200
it's still gonna pull off with one
Johnson I like this right here pop two
guys flip around shotty to the face but
like UAB to the face so now now I'm
feeling pretty confident and we're
winning 3-1 so I'm pretty sure I thought
we were gonna win this round but
actually a little bit of cock patootie
comes up right here I'm still rusty cod4
and actually climb up here and then I
just get dunked right in the head from
the ACOG and 40 and if I'd have been
playing this game like this was one of
my first games back its Call of Duty 4
and if I had been more seasoned than I
would have probably checked the window
and today I'm actually using them 21
also for the fact that I'm so used to
all the auto assist aim that give you in
modern warfare 2 with the intervention
and then you got the sleight-of-hand Pro
like I'm terrible with em 40 right now
like I'm doing terrible modern warfare 2
like just all Call of Duty's I'm failing
at these past few weeks and I really
have no idea why so I haven't even been
playing xbox but I really do because
that's how I'm really gonna get better
get back into it and right here my buddy
goes for the cheeky ninja defuse the
thing it's noscope
and one thing I wish they had from
Modern Warfare tuned this one was the
game-winning kill cams because those are
always fun
and exciting and now we're winning 3-2
in the game of Search and Destroy Ian's
right there's a great spot for popping
people and there's a nice little head
shot across the map so I was talking
about with the m21 and right there that
little area back there where I saw like
a bunch of people run past multiple
times if you have an m40 you can get
like two three people and that's pretty
nice but the m21 is more the mid-range
sniper like I can drop shot with this
thingy and that's that's kind of a joke
first sniper actually but anyway guys
final score is 18 into comment rate
subscribe you guys still love Cod for or
am I crazy er I don't know you guys
still love him all that war because the
order you guys just left Modern Warfare
2 because I still like modern warfare 2
but I just need a little break every now
and then yeah guys I'll upload a game on
Thursday peace